[DOCS] Rework conceptual info for ILM. (#52181)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ilm/ilm-overview.asciidoc

include::../glossary.asciidoc[tag=freeze-def-short]
* **Delete** - Permanently remove an index, including all of its data and metadata.

> {ilm-init} simplifies managing indices in hot-warm-cold architectures,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ilm-init} simplifies the management indices in hot-warm-cold architectures,
```
